1-31-2020_minutes.md

Updates for Floryan
With nginx and gunicorn, the deployment is production ready
Ryan and Jack have the models for quizzes, and will be working on the api then UI next
Grade cascading now works
We have fixed some bugs
Questions for Floryan
UI VS CSV Upload features
Course roster uploading works by CSV
Current paradigm: professors add an excel sheet, and students are added if applicable
(This means we don’t have a means by which to delete entries)
Previous paradigm: professors add an excel sheet of all students, and pre-existing students are lost/deleted
(This means we would consider every update to be a bulk 
update with everyone in it)
Which is better? Current Paradigm is better
BUT we need to have some way to delete students
(that’s in the works; thanks, Andrew!)
Grade uploading works by CSV
Is django admin also works for CRUD. Should a frontend interface be priority as well?
Assignment uploading by CSV (with their relevant topics) should be on the backlog???
Prioritize CSV or UI? Current plan is CSV
Floryan: whatever quick and dirty way works
Quiz pool uploading (list of questions) should be on the backlog???
Perhaps we do quiz pool uploading with csv and quiz creation with frontend?
Which format would Floryan prefer for these types of functionality?
Floryan: just get something working
Assignments are a little bare. Should we add a frontend view with a description or links for downloading things?
Grade weights. Should we add a weight field to assignments so that the topic grade is a weighted average of its individual topics? When calculating course grade, should that be based on
For the class, we are supposed to be deploying production to a server that we have full control over. Would you like us to do this on your personal server, or should we just continue with our cloud virtual servers.


Notes from Floryan

Working with new person (Carrington) for quiz grading
Has built a python modeling algorithm which takes in its previous output and the answer to a quiz question; spits out the percentage chance that this student knows this topic.
Need to output our quiz results to his grading program, then input his program’s output for displaying grades
Has a working version now, we can access it soon-ish.
May require us to modify or alter how we do quizzes on the frontend
Just don’t affect the model during “practice time” (at least not for now)
Perhaps implementing quizzes and testing them this semester?
Worst case scenario: “oh sorry you have to take the quiz on paper lmao”
Delete entire class functionality?
Hide a class functionality?
Adding an additional layer of locking for seeing a topic based on whether you have achieved a certain level of competency in any prerequisite (variable levels of mastery)

