#Minutes

#Notes

- change how we do grades
- calculate a grade for each topic within the course and grade based on total understanding
- course as a list of topics and relate which ones are a prerequisite of others
- what he wants is a website where he can go in and configure, load in a file that will describe
  the nature of a class and display the structure of a class topological sort
- course / class / student / teachers
  - course
    - topics
      - completion
      - comfort
      - name
      - prerequisites
- never be a state where a prerequisitie is less filled than a following topic
- Goal: Change how UVA does grades. (still need A,A-, B etc.)
- Find final grade based on how much of the course you have mastered.

- Organize the course as a graph of topics based on prerequisites. Shows order the class can be taught in.

* When a student logs in, they see their graph. Red Boxes are unmastered green if mastered % based on mastery.

* Wants to manually connect in in-class items to nodes of graph (at some point)

* Grade uploading:
* Short term-> upload grades

* Long-term -> link to collab automatically

* Key features-> take text file, create graph, mark boxes as red if undone, and increment percentage based on mastery score, include grades in box. Pan a round,- zoom, click on node pull up panel with what they know.links on the side(configured via text file).

* Admin view-> Can see averages on every block. Search by student name. Doesnt need instructor tools. Upload grades, upload graph structure. All upload tools.

* Add things to graph’s nodes(class topics) via text file-> HW id topic id student id grade

* Timeline-> Rough pilot in spring.

* Use gmail api for login

-Website-> can go in and upload a txt file to describe graph structure. Layout boxes and arrows based on text. Create class which allows the admin to upload student ID’s in the class. Need some example of grabbing data from external source (basic tool or premade thing maybe collabs built in test/quiz thing). Should be able to define grade of one node (class) as a function of both other linked nodes and current node. There needs to be a score on a node as it appears(An adjacent node has been worked on). Light up as red then gets more green as you go. Grading can be set to work with multiple
